{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Baskerville;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\slleading120\pardirnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 P
\fs27 AGE
\fs36  L
\fs27 AYOUT
\fs36  V
\fs27 IEW
\fs36 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f1\fs26 \cf0 \ulnone You can switch to page layout view to view your text on virtual pages by clicking on the \'93Wrap\'94 button in the toolbar or by going to View menu and selecting Page View > Show Page View. Note, however, that the pages you see on screen may not match exactly what you see when the text is compiled for print or export. The concept of pages is largely meaningless in Scrivener, because you work on the different parts of your manuscript in smaller pieces and can completely change the formatting and insert other elements, such as titles, during the Compile process. So the final arrangement of the pages isn\'92t really known until the text is compiled into one document. Thus, unlike traditional word processors where the page layout view is intended to show you exactly what you will see when you print out your text, in Scrivener it is intended mainly for writers who just feel more comfortable seeing pages fill up on the screen. (Scrivener\'92s page view will use the page size set in File > Page Setup, which is also used to set the page size when using File > Print.)\
The page layout view is also useful for screenwriters who use the rule of thumb that one page of script equals one minute of screen time.\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\slleading120\pardirnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \ul T
\fs27 HE
\fs36  F
\fs27 ORMAT
\fs36  B
\fs27 AR
\fs36 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f1\fs26 \cf0 \ulnone The format bar runs horizontally just below the toolbar and allows you to access common formatting commands easily. From the format bar you can change the font, text alignment, line spacing, text and highlight colour, and create lists. You can turn the format bar on or off by choosing \'93Hide Format Bar\'94 from the Format menu. Note that if you click and hold the text colour or highlight buttons in the format bar for a second, a menu will appear that allows you to choose from a list of colours (clicking on the buttons applies the currently-selected colour). You can add colours to these menus by dragging colours to the swatch in the standard colour palette (available by choosing \'93Show Colors\'94 from the Format > Font menu).\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\slleading120\pardirnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \ul T
\fs27 HE
\fs36  F
\fs27 ORMAT
\fs36  M
\fs27 ENU
\fs36 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f1\fs26 \cf0 \ulnone The Format menu provides various ways of formatting your text which are standard in many Cocoa applications (such as TextEdit) along with some that are unique to Scrivener, the latter of which are listed below.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \ul I
\fs27 NLINE
\fs36  A
\fs27 NNOTATION
\fs36  
\fs27 AND
\fs36  F
\fs27 OOTNOTES
\f1\fs26 \ulnone \
We looked at inspector comments and footnotes in step 5h, but there\'92s another way of adding notes to your text, too. Inline annotations and footnotes allow you to make notes right inside your text (whereas inspector comments and footnotes are hidden away in the inspector until you need them). The two types each have their own advantages, so it\'92s up to you which you use - or you can use a mixture of both. Inline footnotes and annotations look like this:\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf0 This text has a footnote after it.
\f2 \{\\Scrv_fn=
\f1\fs20  
\fs26 This is a footnote. When the text is compiled, exported or printed, this footnote will be turned into a \'93real\'94 footnote (or endnote).
\f2\fs24 \\end_Scrv_fn\}
\f1\fs26 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f2\fs24 \cf0 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=1.000000\\G=0.000000\\B=0.000000\} \\text=
\f1\fs26 And this is an annotation. Annotations can be completely removed from the text when you compile, print or export.
\f2\fs24 \\end_Scrv_annot\}
\f1\fs26 \
\
Each was created by selecting the text and choosing either \'93Inline Annotation\'94 or \'93Inline Footnote\'94 from the Format menu. Alternatively, you can also just choose \'93Inline Annotation\'94 or \'93Inline Footnote\'94 with no selection and start typing (note that you can change the colour of an annotation by clicking in it and changing the font colour using the Show Colors panel or the format bar). When you export your work, ranges of text defined as footnotes can be turned into real RTF footnotes that can be read by Word, Nisus Writer, Mellel and other major word processors. Ranges of text defined as annotations can be turned into RTF comments (which Word can read) or omitted altogether. One thing to note is that when you create inline footnotes, the grey bubble should start exactly where you want the footnote marker to appear in the printed or exported text.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\slleading120\pardirnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \ul R
\fs27 EVISION
\fs36  M
\fs27 ODE
\fs36 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f1\fs26 \cf0 \ulnone Revision mode simply allows you to use a different text colour while editing or revising your text, without having to change the colour again every time you click into a different part of the text. To enter revision mode, select one of the colours (\'93First Revision\'94, \'93Second Revision\'94 and so on) from the Format > Revision Mode menu (you can set your preferred revision colours in the \'93Appearance\'94 pane of the Preferences). In revision mode, no matter where you click in the text, when you start typing the text will appear in the chosen revision colour.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\slleading120\pardirnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \ul S
\fs27 CRIVENER
\fs36  L
\fs27 INKS
\fs36 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f1\fs26 \cf0 \ulnone Scrivener links are much like web hyperlinks, except that they link to other documents within the current Scrivener project. To create a Scrivener link, select the name of the document to which you wish to make a link from the Scrivener Links menu in the Edit menu. This will create a hyperlink in your text document. Alternatively, choose \'93New Link\'85\'94 to bring up a sheet that allows you to create a new document to which to link, or to choose from existing documents in the project. Clicking on a Scrivener link will open the linked document in a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://2AE8C270-67F3-42D4-B1BC-9253B909ACA2"}}{\fldrslt QuickReference panel}} by default, but you can change this behaviour in the \'93Navigation\'94 pane of the preferences and choose how you would like links opened. You can also create Scrivener links by dragging a document from the binder, outliner view or corkboard and holding down the Option key while dropping the document into the text (if you don\'92t hold down the Option key, the content of the document will get dropped into the text if possible). Scrivener links can be useful for creating tables of contents or references within your research.\
\
Try clicking on the Scrivener link below:\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://E1C7AAEB-8871-4B77-8FDF-F5782915B647"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 spacewalk_info}}\
\
A PDF document will be opened in a QuickReference panel. Close the panel and then move on to \'93Step 20\'94 in the binder.}