{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi560\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The first thing you will notice is the index card at the top. This appears in the Notes, References and Keywords panes of the inspector (but not in the Snapshots or Comments panes which require more space). The index card is an important concept in Scrivener. You can type a synopsis of your document into the body of the index card (note the header of the index card can be used to rename the document, too). One of the core ideas behind Scrivener is that every document (or chunk of text, or image, or whatever) is associated with a synopsis, which is represented in the inspector by the index card. You can then view these synopses in different ways (which we will come to later) which will make outlining and organising your work easier. The best way to understand this is to imagine that each document in Scrivener is a sheet of paper that has an index card clipped to it containing a summary of the document\'92s contents, which can then be viewed alongside other index cards to get an overview of the whole.\
You can also display an image in this area if you want. To do so, just click on the icon of the index card with two arrows next to it in the header at the top of the inspector and choose the image icon. The synopsis will be replaced by a blank area containing the text, \'93Drag in an image.\'94 You can then drag image files from the binder or from the Finder into this area. (If an image is selected for a document in the synopsis area of the inspector, it will also be used to represent the document on the corkboard instead of the synopsis text - we will come to the corkboard a little later.)\
\
So that\'92s the index card. Below the index card are other tools to help you organise your work, starting with the General pane. Note that the Synopsis and General panes can be collapsed by clicking on the disclosure triangle in their respective header bars.\
\
Please click on \'935b: Meta-Data\'94. (Or, if you\'92re going only through the \'93Quick Start\'94 documents, click on \'93Step 7: Changing Editor Views\'94.)}